README.md, before:

# Creative AI Platform 🎨🤖

A modern AI-powered creative platform built with the T3 Stack that enables users to generate images, videos, speech, and sound effects using cutting-edge AI technologies.

## Backend Projet

A complete backend is available for easy interaction with all services:
- **Frontend Repository**: [Creative-AI-Backend](https://github.com/babdellghani/Creative-AI-Backend.git)
- **Features**: Backend for all three AI models
- **Integration**: AI models StyleTTS2 with finetune, Seed-VC, and Make-An-Audio services

## 🌐 Live Demo

🔗 **[View Live Demo](https://creative-ai-ab.vercel.app/)**

**Note**: Currently, only the Admin & Dashboard & Settings feature is fully functional in the live demo. Other AI generation features (text to image, text to speech, voice changer, text to sound effects, and video & image generation) require paid API services and are not active in the demo environment.

### 🔐 Test Accounts

You can use the following test accounts to explore different user roles and subscription states:

**Password for all accounts**: `Pa$$w0rd!`

| Username | Role/Status | Description |
|----------|-------------|-------------|
| `Admin` | Administrator | Full admin access to dashboard and management features |
| `CancelUser` | Cancelled User | User with cancelled subscription |
| `CancelUserPeriod` | Cancelled at Period End | User with subscription cancelled at period end |
| `UserPro` | Pro Subscriber | User with active Pro subscription |
| `UserLite` | Lite Subscriber | User with active Lite subscription |

## 🎥 Video Preview

<div align="center">
   <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZtE_hA7aMU">
      <img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/nZtE_hA7aMU/maxresdefault.jpg" alt="Creative AI Platform Demo" width="80%">
   </a>
</div>

_Watch the full demo to see Creative AI Platform in action_

## 📸 Screenshots

### 🏠 Landing Page

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Landing Page Light.jpg" alt="Landing Page Light Mode" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Landing Page Dark.jpg" alt="Landing Page Dark Mode" width="45%" />
</div>

### 📊 Dashboard

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Dashboard Light.jpg" alt="Dashboard Light Mode" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Dashboard Dark.jpg" alt="Dashboard Dark Mode" width="45%" />
</div>

### 🎨 AI Content Generation

#### Image Generation

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Text to Image.jpg" alt="Text to Image Generation" width="70%" />
</div>

#### Video Generation

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Text & Image to Video.jpeg" alt="Text to Video Generation" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Text & Image to Video-1.jpeg" alt="Image to Video Generation" width="45%" />
</div>

#### Speech Synthesis

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Text to Speech Light.jpg" alt="Text to Speech Light Mode" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Text to Speech Dark.jpg" alt="Text to Speech Dark Mode" width="45%" />
</div>

#### Voice Transformation

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Voice Changer Light.jpg" alt="Voice Changer Light Mode" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Voice Changer Dark.jpg" alt="Voice Changer Dark Mode" width="45%" />
</div>

#### Sound Effects Generation

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Text to Sound Effect Light.jpg" alt="Sound Effects Light Mode" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Text to Sound Effect Dark.jpg" alt="Sound Effects Dark Mode" width="45%" />
</div>

### 🗂️ Media Library & Expore Gallery

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Media Library Light.jpg" alt="Media Library Light Mode" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Media Library Dark.jpg" alt="Media Library Dark Mode" width="45%" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Explore Gallery Light.jpg" alt="Explore Gallery Light Mode" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Explore Gallery Dark.jpg" alt="Explore Gallery Dark Mode" width="45%" />
</div>

### 👤 User Management

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Login.jpeg" alt="User Login" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Sign Up.jpeg" alt="User Registration" width="45%" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Settings.jpeg" alt="User Settings" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Billing .jpeg" alt="Billing Management" width="45%" />
</div>

### 🔧 Admin Dashboard

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Admin Analytics Dashboard.jpeg" alt="Admin Analytics" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Admin user management.jpeg" alt="Admin User Management" width="45%" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Admin Subscription Management.jpeg" alt="Admin Subscription Management" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Admin Settings Subscription Plans.jpeg" alt="Admin Subscription Plans" width="45%" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Admin System Settings.jpeg" alt="Admin System Settings" width="70%" />
</div>

### 🛠️ Development & API

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/inngest .jpeg" alt="Inngest Background Jobs" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/API text to video.jpeg" alt="API Text to Video" width="45%" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Api text to image .jpeg" alt="API Text to Image" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Api image to video.jpeg" alt="API Image to Video" width="45%" />
</div>

## ✨ Features

### 🎨 AI Content Generation

- **Image Generation**: Create stunning images using advanced AI models (Flux, Stability AI)
- **Video Generation**: Generate videos with AI-powered tools
- **Speech Synthesis**: Convert text to natural-sounding speech with custom voices
- **Sound Effects**: Generate custom sound effects for your projects

### 👤 User Management

- **Authentication**: Secure user authentication with NextAuth.js
- **User Profiles**: Personalized user accounts and settings
- **Subscription Management**: Stripe integration for premium features
- **Credit System**: Track and manage user credits for AI generations

### 📱 Modern Interface

- **Responsive Design**: Beautiful, mobile-first design with Tailwind CSS
- **Dark/Light Mode**: Theme switching with next-themes
- **Interactive Components**: Rich UI components with Radix UI
- **Real-time Updates**: Live generation status and progress tracking

### 🔧 Admin Features

- **Admin Dashboard**: Comprehensive admin panel for user and content management
- **Analytics**: Track usage statistics and user engagement
- **Content Moderation**: Review and manage generated content

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Frontend

- **Framework**: [Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org) with App Router
- **Styling**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) + [Radix UI](https://radix-ui.com)
- **State Management**: [Zustand](https://zustand-js.org)
- **Animations**: [Framer Motion](https://framer.com/motion)
- **Forms**: [React Hook Form](https://react-hook-form.com) + [Zod](https://zod.dev)

### Backend

- **Database**: [Prisma](https://prisma.io) with SQLite
- **Authentication**: [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org)
- **File Storage**: AWS S3 integration
- **Background Jobs**: [Inngest](https://inngest.com)
- **Payments**: [Stripe](https://stripe.com)

### AI Integration

- **Image Generation**: [fireworks.ai](https://fireworks.ai), Flux, Stability AI, PlayGround
- **Video Generation**: [Fal.ai](https://fal.ai), LTX Video, Kling Video
- **Speech Synthesis**: Custom TTS models
- **Voice Cloning**: SeedVC and StyleTTS2 integration

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- npm or yarn
- SQLite database

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd creative-ai
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Set up environment variables**
   Create a `.env` file in the root directory:

   ```env
   # Database
   DATABASE_URL="file:./prisma/db.sqlite"

   # NextAuth
   NEXTAUTH_SECRET="your-secret-key"
   NEXTAUTH_URL="http://localhost:3000"

   # Stripe
   STRIPE_SECRET_KEY="your-stripe-secret-key"
   STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET="your-webhook-secret"

   # AWS S3
   AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="your-aws-access-key"
   AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="your-aws-secret-key"
   AWS_REGION="your-aws-region"
   AWS_BUCKET_NAME="your-bucket-name"

   # AI Services
   FAL_KEY="your-fal-api-key"
   FIREWORKS_API_KEY="your-fireworks-api-key"

   # Inngest
   INNGEST_EVENT_KEY="your-inngest-event-key"
   INNGEST_SIGNING_KEY="your-inngest-signing-key"
   ```

4. **Set up the database**

   ```bash
   npm run db:generate
   npm run db:seed
   ```

5. **Start the development server**

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

6. **Start Inngest (for background jobs)**
   ```bash
   npm run inngest-dev
   ```

Visit [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see the application.

## 📝 Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server with Turbo
- `npm run build` - Build the application for production
- `npm run start` - Start production server
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run lint:fix` - Fix ESLint errors
- `npm run typecheck` - Run TypeScript type checking
- `npm run format:write` - Format code with Prettier
- `npm run db:generate` - Generate Prisma client and run migrations
- `npm run db:push` - Push schema changes to database
- `npm run db:studio` - Open Prisma Studio
- `npm run db:seed` - Seed the database with initial data

## 📁 Project Structure

```
src/
├── actions/          # Server actions for authentication, subscriptions, etc.
├── app/             # Next.js app router pages and API routes
│   ├── api/         # API endpoints
│   └── app/         # Application pages
├── components/      # React components
│   ├── client/      # Client-side components
│   ├── guest/       # Guest/public components
│   └── ui/          # Reusable UI components
├── hooks/           # Custom React hooks
├── inngest/         # Background job functions
├── lib/             # Utility libraries and configurations
├── schemas/         # Zod validation schemas
├── server/          # Server-side code and database
├── stores/          # Zustand state stores
├── types/           # TypeScript type definitions
└── utils/           # Utility functions
```

## 🎯 Key Features Explained

### Image Generation

The platform supports multiple AI image generation providers:

- **Flux**: High-quality image generation
- **Stability AI**: Various models for different use cases
- Custom prompts and style controls

### Video Generation

- AI-powered video creation
- Multiple output formats and resolutions
- Credit-based usage tracking

### Speech Synthesis

- Text-to-speech with natural voices
- Custom voice training and cloning
- Multiple language support

### Subscription System

- Stripe integration for payment processing
- Credit-based usage system
- Multiple subscription tiers

## 🔧 Configuration

### Database

The project uses Prisma with SQLite for development. For production, you can switch to PostgreSQL or MySQL by updating the `datasource` in `prisma/schema.prisma`.

### AI Services

Configure your AI service API keys in the environment variables. The platform supports:

- Fal.ai for image and video generation
- Fireworks for additional AI capabilities
- Custom TTS services

### File Storage

AWS S3 is used for storing generated media files. Configure your S3 bucket and credentials in the environment variables.

## 🚀 Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Connect your repository to Vercel
3. Configure environment variables in Vercel dashboard
4. Deploy

### Manual Deployment

1. Build the application: `npm run build`
2. Set up your production database
3. Configure environment variables
4. Start the production server: `npm start`

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch: `git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/amazing-feature`
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🆘 Support

If you need help or have questions:

- Open an issue on GitHub

---

Built with Abdelghani Bougalla

Commit message:

fix: add Inngest environment variables and update client configuration

README.md, after:

# Creative AI Platform 🎨🤖

A modern AI-powered creative platform built with the T3 Stack that enables users to generate images, videos, speech, and sound effects using cutting-edge AI technologies.

## Backend Projet

A complete backend is available for easy interaction with all services:
- **Frontend Repository**: [Creative-AI-Backend](https://github.com/babdellghani/Creative-AI-Backend.git)
- **Features**: Backend for all three AI models
- **Integration**: AI models StyleTTS2 with finetune, Seed-VC, and Make-An-Audio services

## 🌐 Live Demo

🔗 **[View Live Demo](https://creative-ai-ab.vercel.app/)**

**Note**: Currently, only the Admin & Dashboard & Settings feature is fully functional in the live demo. Other AI generation features (text to image, text to speech, voice changer, text to sound effects, and video & image generation) require paid API services and are not active in the demo environment.

### 🔐 Test Accounts

You can use the following test accounts to explore different user roles and subscription states:

**Password for all accounts**: `Pa$$w0rd!`

| Username | Role/Status | Description |
|----------|-------------|-------------|
| `Admin` | Administrator | Full admin access to dashboard and management features |
| `CancelUser` | Cancelled User | User with cancelled subscription |
| `CancelUserPeriod` | Cancelled at Period End | User with subscription cancelled at period end |
| `UserPro` | Pro Subscriber | User with active Pro subscription |
| `UserLite` | Lite Subscriber | User with active Lite subscription |

## 🎥 Video Preview

<div align="center">
   <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZtE_hA7aMU">
      <img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/nZtE_hA7aMU/maxresdefault.jpg" alt="Creative AI Platform Demo" width="80%">
   </a>
</div>

_Watch the full demo to see Creative AI Platform in action_

## 📸 Screenshots

### 🏠 Landing Page

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Landing Page Light.jpg" alt="Landing Page Light Mode" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Landing Page Dark.jpg" alt="Landing Page Dark Mode" width="45%" />
</div>

### 📊 Dashboard

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Dashboard Light.jpg" alt="Dashboard Light Mode" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Dashboard Dark.jpg" alt="Dashboard Dark Mode" width="45%" />
</div>

### 🎨 AI Content Generation

#### Image Generation

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Text to Image.jpg" alt="Text to Image Generation" width="70%" />
</div>

#### Video Generation

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Text & Image to Video.jpeg" alt="Text to Video Generation" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Text & Image to Video-1.jpeg" alt="Image to Video Generation" width="45%" />
</div>

#### Speech Synthesis

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Text to Speech Light.jpg" alt="Text to Speech Light Mode" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Text to Speech Dark.jpg" alt="Text to Speech Dark Mode" width="45%" />
</div>

#### Voice Transformation

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Voice Changer Light.jpg" alt="Voice Changer Light Mode" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Voice Changer Dark.jpg" alt="Voice Changer Dark Mode" width="45%" />
</div>

#### Sound Effects Generation

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Text to Sound Effect Light.jpg" alt="Sound Effects Light Mode" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Text to Sound Effect Dark.jpg" alt="Sound Effects Dark Mode" width="45%" />
</div>

### 🗂️ Media Library & Expore Gallery

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Media Library Light.jpg" alt="Media Library Light Mode" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Media Library Dark.jpg" alt="Media Library Dark Mode" width="45%" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Explore Gallery Light.jpg" alt="Explore Gallery Light Mode" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Explore Gallery Dark.jpg" alt="Explore Gallery Dark Mode" width="45%" />
</div>

### 👤 User Management

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Login.jpeg" alt="User Login" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Sign Up.jpeg" alt="User Registration" width="45%" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Settings.jpeg" alt="User Settings" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Billing .jpeg" alt="Billing Management" width="45%" />
</div>

### 🔧 Admin Dashboard

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Admin Analytics Dashboard.jpeg" alt="Admin Analytics" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Admin user management.jpeg" alt="Admin User Management" width="45%" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Admin Subscription Management.jpeg" alt="Admin Subscription Management" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Admin Settings Subscription Plans.jpeg" alt="Admin Subscription Plans" width="45%" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Admin System Settings.jpeg" alt="Admin System Settings" width="70%" />
</div>

### 🛠️ Development & API

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/inngest .jpeg" alt="Inngest Background Jobs" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/API text to video.jpeg" alt="API Text to Video" width="45%" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Api text to image .jpeg" alt="API Text to Image" width="45%" />
  <img src="public/ScreenShots/Api image to video.jpeg" alt="API Image to Video" width="45%" />
</div>

## ✨ Features

### 🎨 AI Content Generation

- **Image Generation**: Create stunning images using advanced AI models (Flux, Stability AI)
- **Video Generation**: Generate videos with AI-powered tools
- **Speech Synthesis**: Convert text to natural-sounding speech with custom voices
- **Sound Effects**: Generate custom sound effects for your projects

### 👤 User Management

- **Authentication**: Secure user authentication with NextAuth.js
- **User Profiles**: Personalized user accounts and settings
- **Subscription Management**: Stripe integration for premium features
- **Credit System**: Track and manage user credits for AI generations

### 📱 Modern Interface

- **Responsive Design**: Beautiful, mobile-first design with Tailwind CSS
- **Dark/Light Mode**: Theme switching with next-themes
- **Interactive Components**: Rich UI components with Radix UI
- **Real-time Updates**: Live generation status and progress tracking

### 🔧 Admin Features

- **Admin Dashboard**: Comprehensive admin panel for user and content management
- **Analytics**: Track usage statistics and user engagement
- **Content Moderation**: Review and manage generated content

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Frontend

- **Framework**: [Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org) with App Router
- **Styling**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) + [Radix UI](https://radix-ui.com)
- **State Management**: [Zustand](https://zustand-js.org)
- **Animations**: [Framer Motion](https://framer.com/motion)
- **Forms**: [React Hook Form](https://react-hook-form.com) + [Zod](https://zod.dev)

### Backend

- **Database**: [Prisma](https://prisma.io) with SQLite
- **Authentication**: [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org)
- **File Storage**: AWS S3 integration
- **Background Jobs**: [Inngest](https://inngest.com)
- **Payments**: [Stripe](https://stripe.com)

### AI Integration

- **Image Generation**: [fireworks.ai](https://fireworks.ai), Flux, Stability AI, PlayGround
- **Video Generation**: [Fal.ai](https://fal.ai), LTX Video, Kling Video
- **Speech Synthesis**: Custom TTS models
- **Voice Cloning**: SeedVC and StyleTTS2 integration

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- npm or yarn
- SQLite database

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd creative-ai
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Set up environment variables**
   Create a `.env` file in the root directory:

   ```env
   # Database
   DATABASE_URL="file:./prisma/db.sqlite"

   # NextAuth
   NEXTAUTH_SECRET="your-secret-key"
   NEXTAUTH_URL="http://localhost:3000"

   # Stripe
   STRIPE_SECRET_KEY="your-stripe-secret-key"
   STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET="your-webhook-secret"

   # AWS S3
   AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="your-aws-access-key"
   AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="your-aws-secret-key"
   AWS_REGION="your-aws-region"
   AWS_BUCKET_NAME="your-bucket-name"

   # AI Services
   FAL_KEY="your-fal-api-key"
   FIREWORKS_API_KEY="your-fireworks-api-key"

   # Inngest
   INNGEST_EVENT_KEY="your-inngest-event-key"
   INNGEST_SIGNING_KEY="your-inngest-signing-key"
   ```

4. **Set up the database**

   ```bash
   npm run db:generate
   npm run db:seed
   ```

5. **Start the development server**

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

6. **Start Inngest (for background jobs)**
   ```bash
   npm run inngest-dev
   ```

Visit [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see the application.

## 📝 Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server with Turbo
- `npm run build` - Build the application for production
- `npm run start` - Start production server
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run lint:fix` - Fix ESLint errors
- `npm run typecheck` - Run TypeScript type checking
- `npm run format:write` - Format code with Prettier
- `npm run db:generate` - Generate Prisma client and run migrations
- `npm run db:push` - Push schema changes to database
- `npm run db:studio` - Open Prisma Studio
- `npm run db:seed` - Seed the database with initial data

## 📁 Project Structure

```
src/
├── actions/          # Server actions for authentication, subscriptions, etc.
├── app/             # Next.js app router pages and API routes
│   ├── api/         # API endpoints
│   └── app/         # Application pages
├── components/      # React components
│   ├── client/      # Client-side components
│   ├── guest/       # Guest/public components
│   └── ui/          # Reusable UI components
├── hooks/           # Custom React hooks
├── inngest/         # Background job functions
├── lib/             # Utility libraries and configurations
├── schemas/         # Zod validation schemas
├── server/          # Server-side code and database
├── stores/          # Zustand state stores
├── types/           # TypeScript type definitions
└── utils/           # Utility functions
```

## 🎯 Key Features Explained

### Image Generation

The platform supports multiple AI image generation providers:

- **Flux**: High-quality image generation
- **Stability AI**: Various models for different use cases
- Custom prompts and style controls

### Video Generation

- AI-powered video creation
- Multiple output formats and resolutions
- Credit-based usage tracking

### Speech Synthesis

- Text-to-speech with natural voices
- Custom voice training and cloning
- Multiple language support

### Subscription System

- Stripe integration for payment processing
- Credit-based usage system
- Multiple subscription tiers

## 🔧 Configuration

### Database

The project uses Prisma with SQLite for development. For production, you can switch to PostgreSQL or MySQL by updating the `datasource` in `prisma/schema.prisma`.

### AI Services

Configure your AI service API keys in the environment variables. The platform supports:

- Fal.ai for image and video generation
- Fireworks for additional AI capabilities
- Custom TTS services

### File Storage

AWS S3 is used for storing generated media files. Configure your S3 bucket and credentials in the environment variables.

## � Environment Variables

For production deployment, make sure to set these Inngest environment variables:

```env
# Inngest Configuration (Required for Production)
INNGEST_EVENT_KEY=your_inngest_event_key_here
INNGEST_SIGNING_KEY=your_inngest_signing_key_here
```

**Important for Production**: 
- The `INNGEST_EVENT_KEY` is used for authenticating with Inngest services
- The `INNGEST_SIGNING_KEY` is required for webhook signature verification in production
- Without these variables, Inngest will try to connect to local development server (`127.0.0.1:8288`) which will fail in production

Get these keys from your [Inngest Dashboard](https://app.inngest.com/).

## �🚀 Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Connect your repository to Vercel
3. Configure environment variables in Vercel dashboard
4. Deploy

### Manual Deployment

1. Build the application: `npm run build`
2. Set up your production database
3. Configure environment variables
4. Start the production server: `npm start`

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch: `git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/amazing-feature`
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🆘 Support

If you need help or have questions:

- Open an issue on GitHub

---

Built with Abdelghani Bougalla
